I am upset that my boyfriend break his promise on our date night
I share a bed with, and get to second base with a girl I'm not plan on date
I don't talk to my best friend for date my ex boyfriend I have history with but ghost
I ask my if my new girlfriend would shave *down there the first time I go down on her/saw her naked
I want proof of my boyfriend's seemingly outlandish story about his past after two year of date
I tell my friend that their friend be abusive to her boyfriend
I tell my wife that upcoming guy night out be still for guy when another wife be invite
I tell a woman she be the one who should have be more careful when drive
I say no to a friend who just now, 2 week later ask if I could pay them money for give me a ride when I get lock out of my car
I tell my mentally ill friend her drug use be make thing bad
I don't post anymore on a forum because the mod refuse to ban/deal with a troublesome member
I want to invite this girl out, that both me and my friend be crush on, him for over two years, me for about 4 month
I am piss off that my new counterpart at my job ask for a day off that I want to take off
I make my dad wait 37 minute when he be pick me up from work
I drop a girl I am date (turned friend zone) right as her grandpa died, because I find out she overlap me with an ex
I want to clear thing up ejth my now ex after she hsd the impression I want to cheat on her
I tell my cousin I don't want to go on a last minute trip because her friend be come
I keep a guy iphone after he throw it out his car window while be crazy abusive to his girlfriend
I am angry at my friend for make plan on the day we agree to meet
I agree to go on a date with another guy even though I'm see someone else
I am angry with a coworker for hook up with someone we work with, after she break thing off with me because she doesn't want to be with coworkers
I 'kicking' my boyfiend out of my student house and effectively leave him homeless
I think this lady be TA for make a guy put his sandwich away a on a flight
I for be vex with my friend because they didn't text me for a long time
I ghost a friend of 3 year for be obsessive over my relationship with my boyfriend
I say my S/O's Maid of Honor be a victim playing selfish person and that she be crazy
I dump my boyfriend when I try to be around them and be nice, but they be distant with me, as I may have be too clingy
I blow up on my mom when she be try to organize my class note
I distance myself from my toxic best friend and not tell her why
I kick a girl's water bottle into her face because she bully me
I don't tell my father in law where his former tenant lives/works
I break up with my girlfriend of 9 month because I felt thing for another girl
I tell my coworkers that theyre be racist against me for be white
I want to spend more time with my girlfriend do thing we both like
I report an african-american guy to neighbor for walk down my driveway
I am half-arsed in a relationship where my partner be fully devote
I tell my mother that I think she's be selfish for want to abandon her kid ASAP to persue other life interest
I tell my friend that my other friend be talk about her behind her back
I report a co-worker to my manager for make passively sexual comment
I continue to date her when I know she want something more serious than I do
I am upset that my Mum be make false diagnosis about me, and say that my nephew (who she be falsley diagnose with the same thing) be harm his brother
I break up with my girlfriend because she be hang out with someone who like her more than she be hang out with me
I tell my S/o that PETA kill animal when she be upset after watch a lot of their video
I am for be unsure of my marriage and let my fiance know about it pretty late
I date my best friend's long term girlfriend a week after they break up
I date my best friend boyfriend when they didn't even go out for a month
I leave 3 month early from an apartment that be rent to me as a favor and I didn't have to sign a lease but more so on a good word
I want 5 day kid free, and to take a solo trip use credit card point
I am too honest with people and call them out when its none of my business
I don't tell my girlfriend that I use to date her best friend
I don't tell my best friend that I accidentally out him to four people
I am upset that my boyfriend post meme with joke about be single
I let an ex-friend end our friendship because of my behavior
I tell my coworker about how his partner cheat on me, though it be month in the past
I am piss at my friend who have be brag about be high for the past week
I I’ve make my old brother develop weird habit because I’ve be kick him in the shin for 5 years.
I I'm in a downward spiral and feel like I'm reach my critical mass
I After year of abuse today be the day I call quits and beat my brother over the head with a vacuum clean
I My father recently pass away and I'm not sure he even really love me.
I I've never really tell anyone this but I join the police force to shoot thing
I If I overhear a stranger state their name in public I automatically try and Facebook stalk them.
I Ex boyfriend lock up in jail since 3 year and I never ever felt that much happy.
I Last night in Houston, Texas, I steal a homeless man dog while he be asleep
I My ex aggressively texts me while I'm on date with other men. I'm into it.
I I just tell a ridiculous lie about an event I'm attending.
I I hate when people make thing up to make themselves look like a busy person. You're not fool anyone.
I I tell my parent that I want to be a lawyer but actually I want to be a.....
I My friend's brother be legitimately one of the most attractive people i've ever see
I I purposely avoid really good photo and choose bad photo of myself on Tinder so I don’t disappoint my date in person.
I Sometimes I put in headphone and the music start play and I go on my phone to see if the music be too loud even know I’m listen to it and it foment seem to loud
I I drive to random store park lot after work and sit in my car for hour because I don't want to go home.
I I lie to my husband about why we be go to a couple only club with new friends.
I I cry for 15 minute because someone stole my post and get gild
I i work so hard for thing that i get no enjoyment or satisfaction out of
I When a certain person be be bash on by a lot of people I sympathize them even if they deserve it.
I I love my boyfriend but in the end I hope he suffer because he be another toxic white male
I The only reason why I get an A be because my teacher get cancer
I I've be cruel to people to the point where I've be call a psychopath.
I The only thing that keep me from hurt myself be I feel like they wouldn't care anyway.
I He be my brother, and I let him go into the darkness alone.
I One time I date my first cousin for 9 month so me and my friend would have something to talk about
I Ex husband cheat with several woman for several years..... ALL I WANT IS HIM
I Im so poor after lose my job that im willing to sell picture of my feet.
I I've just delete all of the file for an indie game I've be work on for month
I Forbes 30 under 30 Tech Millionaire Chris Kelsey Reveals My Biggest Scams
I For 30 year now I have be lead believe my mom be bang Santa behind my dad’s back and I could never figure out why everyone be nonchalant about the whole thing.
I I break up with my girlfriend who go and be go through abuse.
I i’ve be self harm for years, and i want to get help but i’m scar i’ll be lock up in a mental hospital.
I I lose weight by vomiting, and be trick everyone into think I'm get healthier
I Sometimes I let people walk over me or do ridiculous favor because see others happy make me happy.
I How do you apologize to someone you may or may not have hurt badly a long time ago?
I My stepbrother try to, and almost succeed in prey on me when I am 14. I never tell anyone and I still have to see him at every family gathering.
I I have be date two men for about 4 year and they don't know about each other and now they both want to get serious, and I now to have to pick one.
I I only stop eat fast food because the service person be rude and not because of self control
I I feel like thing always manage to find a way for the negative in my life. Like there be ALWAYS something to seriously worry about.
I My wife role play as my hot sister in law sometimes and it really turn me on and her sister flirt and like to walk in on me in the bathroom.
I I hate everyone except for the girl I like who's be in a mental hospital for over a month now with no contact with the outside world.
I i don't like it when family member and relative use me as an example to body shame others
I My father split up with my mom 6 year ago. Married a woman half his age. He be 50 she be 27. Today i find out he have 2 kid with her 23 year old wife.
I I masturbate use my mom’s underwear when I am 13 and I’m afraid to return the underwear.
I why do ppl ALWAYS online diagnose me with bpd even tho doctor wont????
I I’ve be hide my period from my parent since I am 14. I’m 16 now and anytime I think about tell them my anxiety scar me to the point I don’t want to anymore.
I I just break up with someone I am completely inlove with and I feel no shame
I I steal something from a Sam Goody’s store when it be still around
I Sometimes spend money on thing I don't need give me literal anxiety attacks.
I Since Jesus be American then why do mexican appropriate their name?
I I knowingly kiss to trans woman and I now accept it and realize why
I I have be suicidal and have have to either leave work early or call off due to my mental health twice this year
I I like a guy at my school who be date my best friend friend
I I just order a pizza with two 2-liter diet pepsi because I'm addict to diet pepsi and too lazy to go to the store.
I I realize I'm actually a bad person.. I date people's boyfriend and I say I won't sleep with them but I do
I I drive an extra 15 minute to the post office in another town because the clerk be gorgeous.
I I could work 5 day a week at my job, but I only work 2 day a week so that my mom have no reason to make me move out, and I can play more video game haha
I Everyone believe I am a morally Christian woman, but I have do thing I shouldnt
I I hate my soon to be ex husband and still want him to suffer
I The only reason I've be keep my nail short be to prevent accidental self harm
I When my dad be have a heart attack, i refuse to pray for him.
I My brother’s seizure be back and I can’t help but laugh at the result.
I I wanna make my best friend furious by bite her really hard so she can grab me and throw me across the room full force as a small child
I I watch channel like Nickelodeon and Disney Channel because the girl be hot.
I The tenant before me have be pay my internet for 5 year and doesn't know
I I one create five sock puppet account to troll someone and convince everyone that they have sock puppet account
I Why do NlGGERS Smell Like The Ape Infested Swamps of Africa?
I My neighbour poison my german shepherd when i be a kid and i recently discover it.
I I take advantage of my childhood friend while he be deunk and I think i ruin his daughter’s home
I Bone have be poke out of my gum for week and im too scar to get it check
I When I see that the public toilet I’m use have 1 ply toilet paper I purposely use an outrageous amount in spite.
I I recently make a confession and be get attack for it while many others be not for the same thing.
I The blockch@in be just another way how the whité devil oppressés blaks
I I think it's funny when rich people complain on how they get treated.
I I find it so awkward be in a car when the driver road rages.
I I bully dark skinned kid at my school because I am bully for have darker skin
I i walk in on tyrone and bernie last night and i don’t know who to tell
I I'm scar to put myself out there to try and date, but know I have to because I won't survive if i stay this lonely.
I i secretly think i be too good for my boyfriend while we be date and still do
I After see the recent post about the father that died, I have to get something off my chest
I My new summer job waiting be only stressful because everyone else who work there stress out
I Just realize I fell in love with a guy I am date that break up with me 4 month ago.
I I'm the reason why my Dad and stepmother be ostracize from their family and friend for year which ultimately lead to their divorce.
I I frequently lie about event and thing I have do in my life, and I have no real intention to stop.
I I have deliberately abuse of dozen of girl when they be sleep
I When someone be bore me to death, I sync my footstep with theirs
I When I am a kid Ezekiel and I use to sneak out to the barn, when we be suppose to be sleep to churn butter so Ma wouldn't have to do it in the morning .
I Giving off different impression than what I actually be give me immerse pleasure
I I dont like go out with my boyfriend because his personality when we be out be embarrassing.
I I firmly believe that people who've die from be choke by a nerd's thigh must have be enjoy it.
I My brother best friend masturbate in my room when I am 14 and asleep
I The only thing that's keep me go be the thought of make other people happy
I Why be it when friends turn on you for their entertainment, the stinging pain be bad than the anger?
I Whites should be force to abort their child unless they be of a mixed racial ancestry.
I I always correct others when they be wrong or when I think they be wrong
I Almost 100% sure I have ADHD, it be ruin my life, and will not have it diagnosed
I I have a sugar daddy for more than a year while date my boyfriend
I 18 year old in college, I lose all my friend and I’ve start have suicidal ideations.
I I love my husband but there be so many thing about him that frustrate me.
I Men under 6' be subhuman and should not be allow to reproduce
I My girlfriend’s husband be from the UK and it’s so funny to hear him cry and scream from his cuck cage in the basement with his little British Accent
I The white man be force men of color to give up there masculinity.
I I hate it when I go to other people's house and their dog approach me, so when the host be not look I kick it in the nut or face
I I give up on my dream of be a comedian because it be too hard and I am sick of be poor
I I find my never end grief over the rejection from my crush be morally justifiable
I The youth leader I have a crush on kiss my best friend and I on our forehead when we be 14 and 15.
I I’m desperate for money and be willing to sell picture of my foot
I I have a suspicion my dad go nut recently, but I dont know exactly why
I Hate living in today’s society where money be literally everything.
I I am do great this quarter and now I'm let everything fall apart and I don't know why
I I am so jealous of people who've be strangle to death by a nerd's thigh that I cry about it sometimes
I Alcohol have calorie be the only thing stop me from go back to alcoholism
I I’m lead my ex on so that I can break his heart like he break mine.
I I Have a gf, but constantly look for hookup on date sites.
I I regularly try to rehearse in my mind how I'd react upon learn that a family member pass away.
I My best friend cheat on her now husband when they be engage in college and I have keep her secret my whole life
I I let my friend think I want to sleep with his wife, because the truth be worse.
I I touch my brother’z body while he be asleep and I regret it all
I My sister flunk out of Community College and my mom be freak out but I don't care
I I have an affair with a nun when I am 13. She seduce me in the coat closet at the school by put her hand in my pant and use me like prayer beads.
I I still have feeling for my friend and co-worker, even though we agree not to date. I'm pretty sure he like me too.
I I find my ex's date profile and send it to his new girlfriend anonymously
I I really could care less about this kpop band, but my friend base our entire relationship around it
I My long distance girlfriend be have fun with her fam during new year and i'm at home sad
I When a girl call me a “bro”, I instantly become less nice to her and put her in the friend zone.
I I've eat salami in bed before go to sleep every night for the past 2 week
I The so-called Pretty Privilege be real, and there be people who will never give that up
I Have you ever sleep with your friend partner and if so why and do you confess ????
I I date woman and then ghost them once they've fall in love with me.
I My ex be gonna be a dad to another chick and I can't handle it
I Whenever I see or speak with or be around old and retired people I get a deep and irrational anger that build up inside of me.
I When i be in 7th grade, i be so lonely i pay a kid to talk to me
I I've start type a confession at least 30 time in the last week, but always delete it instead of submit
I If you don't support your local drug dealer you be anti blak
I Sometimes I feel like power be real and that one day i will unlock mine!
I I make my husband believe he crack my son’s iPad while he be sleeping.
I My boyfriend have gain 50 + lb and I’ve never be more attracted to him.
I I swear as loud as I can when play video game in my apartment.
I Wish there be more video of white girl be behead as they cry
I Not really a confession, but what in your opinion be worse? Not have a father when you be grow up or have a father who doesn’t want you and tell you everyday?
I keep start thing with girl while keep other thing go with other girl
I I'm superstitious about number and always stop pump gas in my car when the price feel good not when the tank be full.
I I sometimes flash my father and pretend that it be an accident.
I One day I am sit down watch Shane Dawson and he have a bunch of food and....
I I can tell that not very many people like me, but I have no idea why.
I My school be suspend me for contribute to a school meme page
I I steal some money from my brother's friend's wallet, because he be hog my GTA 5 that I just got!
I Today I buy a steal redeem one free two-topping medium pizza Dominos account and give it to the local homeless I see every day.
I I give up on ever find love and the process of date as a whole
I My girlfriend's depression be go to destroy our relationship.
I I find it gross when an old man date a young women, but not the other way around.
I Again why be manifest-decoy allow to troll posts? He enjoy the down votes.
I My boyfriend have always be fat ever since I've know him, but lately it's just start to bother me
I Promising Relationship Ends When Woman's Ex Pays Surprise Visit
I Teacher's Lesson Plan Unravels When Fiance Comes Home Late
I Man Wonders Which Way to Go in Relationship at a Crossroad
I Single Man Falls Off Friends' Radar After They Get Married
I Boyfriend Fights Woman's Effort to End Her 10-Year Obsession
I Longtime Patient Is Offended When Doc Asks for Money Upfront
I Frugal Wife Works Hard While Spendthrift Husband Accumulates Debt
I Man Returns to His Ex and Kids While Still Married to Someone Else
I Clerk Questions If She Should Report Potential Child Abuse
I Mom Struggles With Sentence of Silence While Dad's in Jail
I Man Breaks More Than Dishes When His Anger's Out of Control
I Despite Two Suicide Attempts, Family Insists Woman Is 'Fine'
I Time Hasn't Diminished Grief Over Homeless Brother's Death
I Lonely Grandma Spends Her Time Complaining About Her Plight
I Wife Wants Her Privacy While Husband Recovers From Heart Attack
I Wedding Traditions Go Out The Window When Mom's Boyfriend Gets Stuck With The Bill
I Enjoy Your Meal At The Proper Pace As A Courtesy To Others
I Abuse Survivor Fears to Tell New Girlfriend About His Past
I Her and her husband load up in the car and speed down the highway.q.
I When Brian be young he be baby sit by the woman next door.
I Tim's dad have do a lock-in at the rec center when he be a teenager.
I However, Abby be shock to see her grandmother have make it.
I He tell me that Tom Hanks' character in Captain Phillips be blind.
I It rain torrentially while he sleep and the basement flooded.
I After calling, Dan be ashamed because he have insufficient funds.
I He be laugh look back when he didn't notice a can in front.
I One night, a drunken out of towner slide his hand up Sherry's skirt.
I I tell her that if doesn't like her job she should resign.
I He be have a hard time and couldn't see where he be going.
I He be try to hide its brand, but give up the habit after that.
I She throw all her almond away and swore never to eat another one.
I David agree and when he hand the man his phone he run off.
I They both be touch to read a note from the man they have loved.
I She pooped her pant and an angry taxi driver have to take us home.
I Rumor have it that he hypnotize a guard into open his cell.
I For the next week I walk with a limp because my toe be jammed.
I Maggie have be in trouble with the law when she be younger.
I He be then prescribe special lotion and now his skin be better.
I Of all the thing we've talk about, she forget he speak French.
I Joy have be add change to her big glass jar for over ten years.
I Mary get so flustered she do not come back to work from lunch.
I At work she be humiliate because she more non-matching socks.
I His old one get hack so he wasn't sure which one to use this time.
I Grandma be upset, and didn't know how she be go to get around.
I Tom invest that money in open up his own Cinnabon franchise.
I It be late at night and rise have not see her husband in weeks.
I He be at the park and he saw a man do bodyweight exercises.
I They be go to attack his big sister and her friend with them.
I It be a 3 state road trip cover CA, WA and OR, she be excited.
I It be a little frustrating, but overall I can't complain too much.
I His parent do not want him to play outside because it be dangerous.
I After the wedding thing be never the same between Bill and his dad.
I It be the year come up to the millennium and Cody be scared.
I They be so busy that they didn't get a chance to eat any dinner.
I It be almost like he be burn the nasty, frightful idea inside.
I So he be excite when he find out her middle name would be Lulu.
I He go about, annoy everyone about how his teeth be the best.
I The doctor check his ear and say You have a lot of ear wax!
I They be ruthless and get their way through the greed of people.
I They wait six weeks, and when no one claim it they get the money.
I However, Dan be sadden when he learn baseball be cancelled.
I He be so popular that he soon have enough work to sustain him.
I As a reward for his hard work he be take a trip to Europe.
I He be always overwork them, while also try to cut salaries.
I Her teacher couldn't figure out why because Cathy be very friendly.
I He be uninjured, but his car be total and the other driver left.
I As I am walking, I saw a piece of crumpled paper on the ground.
I And because Tom be in the front of his row, he collect the tests.
I Now she's gonna miss a week of work because she be in a hurry.
I She forget to bring her toothbrush and couldn't take off her braces.
I Ana only have a dollar left in her account when she be done.
I Her mom be upset about her wasting food after her hard work.
I I usually tell them to clean up, and recycle as much as possible.
I Her aunt be so grateful that she leave her a special $20 tip.
I bust my ex-friend for do illegal drug and sell them at our school
I don't give my little brother my state ID so he can get into bar at college
I tell a girl Id still be her friend if nothing work out but not end up be her friend
I bake cooky for an event and another batch for my classmate and grandmother(birthday) and not give them to my family